#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
accelerate==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via orbax-checkpoint
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
chex==0.1.7
    # via optax
click==8.1.7
    # via jiwer
cmake==3.27.2
    # via triton
datasets==2.14.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
deepspeed==0.10.1
    # via transformers
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via chex
etils==1.3.0
    # via orbax-checkpoint
evaluate==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow
flax==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.17.3
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow
hjson==3.1.0
    # via deepspeed
huggingface-hub==0.16.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via orbax-checkpoint
jax==0.4.13
    # via
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   tensorflow
jaxlib==0.4.13
    # via
    #   chex
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
jiwer==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
keras==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
lit==16.0.6
    # via triton
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
mpi4py==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via orbax-checkpoint
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
ninja==1.11.1
    # via deepspeed
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   chex
    #   datasets
    #   deepspeed
    #   evaluate
    #   flax
    #   h5py
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorstore
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu11==11.10.3.66
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu11
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11==11.7.101
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11==11.7.99
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu11==8.5.0.96
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu11==10.9.0.58
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu11==10.2.10.91
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu11==11.4.0.1
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu11==11.7.4.91
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu11==2.14.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu11==11.7.91
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
optax==0.1.7
    # via flax
orbax-checkpoint==0.2.3
    # via flax
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   deepspeed
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
protobuf==4.24.2
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   deepspeed
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via deepspeed
pyarrow==12.0.1
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pydantic==1.10.12
    # via deepspeed
pygments==2.16.1
    # via rich
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==2.13.7
    # via jiwer
regex==2023.8.8
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   responses
    #   tensorboard
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
responses==0.18.0
    # via evaluate
rich==13.5.2
    # via flax
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.12.3
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow===2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.12.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.33.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorstore==0.1.41
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tomli-w==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toolz==0.12.0
    # via chex
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   deepspeed
    #   torchaudio
    #   triton
torchaudio==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   deepspeed
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers[deepspeed]==4.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==2.0.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pydantic
    #   rich
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
werkzeug==2.3.7
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   nvidia-cublas-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu11
    #   nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu11
    #   nvidia-curand-cu11
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu11
    #   nvidia-nvtx-cu11
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
xxhash==3.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
